add marked_dropped_tables doc (#47686)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables/marked_dropped_tables.md

---
slug: /en/operations/system-tables/marked_dropped_tables
---
# marked_dropped_tables

Contains information about tables that drop table has been executed but data cleanup has not been actually performed.

Columns:

-   `index` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — Index in marked_dropped_tables queue.
-   `database` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Database.
-   `table` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Table name.
-   `uuid` ([UUID](../../sql-reference/data-types/uuid.md)) — Table uuid.
-   `engine` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Table engine name.
-   `metadata_dropped_path` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Path of table's metadata file in metadate_dropped directory.

> -   `table_dropped_time` ([DateTime](../../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md)) — The time when the drop table is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `table_dropped_time` ([DateTime](../../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md)) — The time when the next attempt to remove table's data is scheduled on. Usually it's the table when the table was dropped plus `database_atomic_delay_before_drop_table_sec`
```
